README.md, before:

# Hugo Theme Submission Validation Script
This Python script is designed to validate the readiness of a Hugo theme for submission by checking various requirements defined in the `theme.toml` & `README.md` files. The script ensures that essential metadata and links are correctly specified and functional.


## Usage

Make sure you have `python` & `Git` install on your system & Run the script from the theme root directory: 

```
git clone https://github.com/mansoorbarri/hugo-checker.git && python3 main.py
```

## Support
- To morally and mentally support the project, make sure to leave a ⭐️!


## Overview

### 1. Metadata Validation
   - **Name:** Ensures the existence and non-empty value of the theme name.
   - **License:** Checks for the presence and validity of the license type.
   - **License Link:** Verifies that the license link is an absolute and valid URL.
   - **Description:** Ensures the presence and non-empty value of the theme description.
   - **Homepage:** Validates the homepage link for being an absolute and working URL.
   - **Demosite:** Checks the demosite link for being an absolute and functional URL.
   - **Tags:** Verifies the existence of theme tags.
   - **Authors:** Ensures the presence of author information, including name and homepage.

### 2. Image Validation
   - **Screenshot:** Verifies the existence of either `screenshot.png` or `screenshot.jpg` in the `images` directory.
   - **Thumbnail:** Ensures the presence of either `tn.png` or `tn.jpg` in the `images` directory.

### 3. Optional Porting Check
   - **Original Theme Information:** If the user indicates that the theme is ported, checks for the existence and non-empty values of the original author's name, homepage, and repository link.

### 4. Link Validations
   - **License Link:** Ensures the 'licenselink' is an absolute and valid URL.
   - **Homepage Link:** Validates the 'homepage' link for being an absolute and functional URL.
   - **Demosite Link:** Checks the 'demosite' link for being an absolute and functional URL (if provided).
   - **Original Theme Links:** If the theme is ported, validates the 'homepage' and 'repo' links in the original theme information for being absolute and valid URLs.


## Issues

If you encounter any challenges or problems with the script, I kindly request that you submit them via the "Issues" tab on the GitHub repository. By filling out the provided template, you can provide specific details about the issue, allowing me to promptly address any bugs or consider feature requests.

Commit message:

requirements.txt added && README updates

README.md, after:

# Hugo Theme Submission Validation Script
This Python script is designed to validate the readiness of a Hugo theme for submission by checking various requirements defined in the `theme.toml` & `README.md` files. The script ensures that essential metadata and links are correctly specified and functional.


## Usage

Make sure you have `python` & `Git` install on your system & run the following: 

- Clone the script 
```
git clone https://github.com/mansoorbarri/hugo-validator.git
```

- Install the requirements 
```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

- Run the validator
```
python3 hugo-validator.py
```

## Support
- To morally and mentally support the project, make sure to leave a ⭐️!


## Overview

### 1. Metadata Validation
   - **Name:** Ensures the existence and non-empty value of the theme name.
   - **License:** Checks for the presence and validity of the license type.
   - **License Link:** Verifies that the license link is an absolute and valid URL.
   - **Description:** Ensures the presence and non-empty value of the theme description.
   - **Homepage:** Validates the homepage link for being an absolute and working URL.
   - **Demosite:** Checks the demosite link for being an absolute and functional URL.
   - **Tags:** Verifies the existence of theme tags.
   - **Authors:** Ensures the presence of author information, including name and homepage.

### 2. Image Validation
   - **Screenshot:** Verifies the existence of either `screenshot.png` or `screenshot.jpg` in the `images` directory.
   - **Thumbnail:** Ensures the presence of either `tn.png` or `tn.jpg` in the `images` directory.

### 3. Optional Porting Check
   - **Original Theme Information:** If the user indicates that the theme is ported, checks for the existence and non-empty values of the original author's name, homepage, and repository link.

### 4. Link Validations
   - **License Link:** Ensures the 'licenselink' is an absolute and valid URL.
   - **Homepage Link:** Validates the 'homepage' link for being an absolute and functional URL.
   - **Demosite Link:** Checks the 'demosite' link for being an absolute and functional URL (if provided).
   - **Original Theme Links:** If the theme is ported, validates the 'homepage' and 'repo' links in the original theme information for being absolute and valid URLs.


## Issues

If you encounter any challenges or problems with the script, I kindly request that you submit them via the "Issues" tab on the GitHub repository. By filling out the provided template, you can provide specific details about the issue, allowing me to promptly address any bugs or consider feature requests.
